---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "sops Provider"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# sops Provider



## Example Usage

```terraform
terraform {
  required_providers {
    sops = {
      source  = "sunziping2016/sops"
      version = "~> 0.1"
    }
    random = {
      source  = "hashicorp/random"
      version = "~> 3.5"
    }
  }
}

data "sops_decrypt" "basic" {
  source           = "./basic.yaml"
  encrypted_format = "yaml"
  decrypted_format = "json"
}

resource "sops_encrypt" "basic" {
  unencrypted_content = data.sops_decrypt.basic.decrypted_content
  format              = "yaml"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `config_file` (String) The path to the SOPS configuration file. Can also be set using the `SOPS_CONFIG_FILE` environment variable. The file should follow the `.sops.yaml` format. See the `config_file` attribute in the resource documentation for its usage.
- `disable_config_file_discovery` (Boolean) Disable the discovery of the SOPS configuration file. Can also be set using a non-empty `SOPS_DISABLE_CONFIG_FILE_DISCOVERY` environment variable. By default, the provider will recursively search for a `.sops.yaml` file in the current directory and its parents. If none is found, the provider will generated a warning. To disable this behavior, set this attribute to `true`. This option is ignored if `config_file` is set.
- `disable_local_key_service` (Boolean) Disable the local key service. Can also be set using a non-empty `SOPS_DISABLE_LOCAL_KEY_SERVICE` environment variable. If set, you must provide `key_service_uris` to make the key discovery work.
- `key_service_uris` (Set of String) The URIs of the key service. Can also be set using the comma-separated `SOPS_KEY_SERVICE_URIS` environment variable. You can start the server-side key service by running `sops keyserver` to enable remote key discovery. Examples: `tcp://myserver.com:5000`, `unix:///var/run/sops.sock`.
